Add client_config parameter documentation (#6746)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints.md

## Configuration parameters

> | Field                   | Data type   | Is Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Field                   | Data type   | Is required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

| `headers`               | JSON object | Sets the headers used inside the request or response body. Default is `ContentType: application/json`. If your third-party ML tool requires access control, define the required `credential` parameters in the `headers` parameter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `request_body`          | String      | Required. Sets the parameters contained inside the request body of the action. The parameters must include `\"inputText\`, which specifies how users of the connector should construct the request payload for the `action_type`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `request_body`          | String      | Required. Sets the parameters contained in the request body of the action. The parameters must include `\"inputText\`, which specifies how users of the connector should construct the request payload for the `action_type`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> | `pre_process_function`  | String      | Optional. A built-in or custom Painless script used to preprocess the input data. OpenSearch provides the following built-in preprocess functions that you can call directly:<br> - `connector.pre_process.cohere.embedding` for [Cohere](https://cohere.com/) embedding models<br> - `connector.pre_process.openai.embedding` for [OpenAI](https://openai.com/) embedding models <br> - `connector.pre_process.default.embedding`, which you can use to preprocess documents in neural search requests so that they are in the format that ML Commons can process with the default preprocessor (OpenSearch 2.11 or later). For more information, see [built-in functions](#built-in-pre--and-post-processing-functions).                                                |

Reviewer: "Built-in functions" (initial cap)?

> | `post_process_function` | String      | Optional. A built-in or custom Painless script used to post-process the model output data. OpenSearch provides the following built-in post-process functions that you can call directly:<br> - `connector.pre_process.cohere.embedding` for [Cohere text embedding models](https://docs.cohere.com/reference/embed)<br> - `connector.pre_process.openai.embedding` for [OpenAI text embedding models](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/embeddings) <br> - `connector.post_process.default.embedding`, which you can use to post-process documents in the model response so that they are in the format that neural search expects (OpenSearch 2.11 or later). For more information, see [built-in functions](#built-in-pre--and-post-processing-functions). |

Reviewer: Same comment re: "Built-in functions". Also, a nit: We don't _have_ to also hyphenate "pre-process" above, but it would make it consistent with our use of "post-process."

The `client_config` parameter supports the following options.

| Field                | Data type | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|:---------------------|:----------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `max_connection`     | Integer   | The maximum number of concurrent connections that the client can establish with the server.                                                                                                                                             |

> | `connection_timeout` | Integer   | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) the client will wait while trying to establish a connection to the server. A timeout prevents the client from waiting indefinitely and allows it to recover from unreachable network endpoints. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `connection_timeout` | Integer   | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) that the client will wait while trying to establish a connection to the server. A timeout prevents the client from waiting indefinitely and allows it to recover from unreachable network endpoints. |
```

> | `read_timeout`       | Integer   | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) the client will wait for a response from the server after sending a request. Useful when the server is slow to respond or encounters issues while processing a request.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `read_timeout`       | Integer   | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) that the client will wait for a response from the server after sending a request. Useful when the server is slow to respond or encounters issues while processing a request.                         |
```

| `access_mode`           | String      | Yes         | Sets the access mode for the model, either `public`, `restricted`, or `private`. Default is `private`. For more information about `access_mode`, see [Model groups]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/model-access-control#model-groups).                                                                                                                               |
| `add_all_backend_roles` | Boolean     | Yes         | When set to `true`, adds all `backend_roles` to the access list, which only a user with admin permissions can adjust. When set to `false`, non-admins can add `backend_roles`.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `client_config`         | JSON object | No          | The client configuration object provides settings that control the behavior of the client connections utilized by the connector. These settings allow you to manage connection limits and timeouts, ensuring efficient and reliable communication.                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `client_config`         | JSON object | No          | The client configuration object, which provides settings that control the behavior of the connector's client connections. These settings allow you to manage connection limits and timeouts, ensuring efficient and reliable communication.                                                                                                                                   |
```

> The `action` parameter supports the following options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `actions` parameter supports the following options.
```

| `post_process_function` | String      | Optional. A built-in or custom Painless script used to post-process the model output data. OpenSearch provides the following built-in post-process functions that you can call directly:<br> - `connector.pre_process.cohere.embedding` for [Cohere text embedding models](https://docs.cohere.com/reference/embed)<br> - `connector.pre_process.openai.embedding` for [OpenAI text embedding models](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/embeddings) <br> - `connector.post_process.default.embedding`, which you can use to post-process documents in the model response so that they are in the format that neural search expects (OpenSearch 2.11 or later). For more information, see [built-in functions](#built-in-pre--and-post-processing-functions). |

> **Introduced 2.13**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> {: .label .label-purple }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The `client_config` parameter supports the following options.

| Field                | Data type | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
|:---------------------|:----------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `max_connection`     | Integer   | This field specifies the maximum number of concurrent connections that the client can establish with the server.                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `max_connection`     | Integer   | The maximum number of concurrent connections that the client can establish with the server.                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | `connection_timeout` | Integer   | This field defines the maximum amount of time (in seconds) the client will wait while trying to establish a connection to the server. A timeout prevents the client from waiting indefinitely and allows it to recover from unreachable network endpoints. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `connection_timeout` | Integer   | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) the client will wait while trying to establish a connection to the server. A timeout prevents the client from waiting indefinitely and allows it to recover from unreachable network endpoints. |
```

> | `read_timeout`       | Integer   | This field determines the maximum time (in seconds) the client will wait for a response from the server after sending a request. It helps in handling scenarios where the server is slow to respond or encounters issues while processing a request.       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `read_timeout`       | Integer   | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) the client will wait for a response from the server after sending a request. Useful when the server is slow to respond or encounters issues while processing a request.       |
```
